feat: add finders keepers algorithm to full stack (#61332)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: client/src/pages/learn/full-stack-developer/lab-first-element-finder/index.md

---
title: Introduction to the Build a First Element Finder
block: lab-first-element-finder
superBlock: full-stack-developer
---

## Introduction to the Build a First Element Finder

> In this lab, you will create a function that looks through an array and returns the first element in it that passes a 'truth test'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this lab, you will create a function that looks through an array and returns the first element in it that passes a "truth test".
```
